= magic_model_generator

NOTE: this is an old project that is undergoing restoration for Rails 2.3+ I will make public announcements on http://rubyflow.com when its back alive and working.

* http://magicmodels.rubyforge.org/magic_model_generator

== DESCRIPTION:

Generates Rails models from the target database... magically! Validations and associations included.

Imagine you get offered $5,000 to write a basic website/admin application on a legacy database that has 200 interconnected tables. You’ll need to add all the associations and validations based on the existing schema.

Imagine how long that would take! 1 day? 1 week? more?

Try 1 minute.

The Magic Model Generator does all this for you automatically.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIX (list of features or problems)

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install magic_model_generator

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2006-2009 Dr Nic Williams

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.